autocomplete_name       autocomplete_name
download_phylopic       download_phylopic
draw_key                key drawing function
geom_bgimage            geom_bgimage
geom_emoji              geom_emoji
geom_flag               geom_flag
geom_icon               geom_icon
geom_image              geom_image
geom_phylopic           geom_phylopic
geom_pokemon            geom_pokemon
geom_subview            geom_subview
geom_twitchemote        geom_twitchemotes
geom_worldcup2018       geom_worldcup2018
ggbackground            ggbackground
ggpreview               ggpreview
image_read2             image_read2
list.flag               list.flag
list.icon               list.icon
list.pokemon            list.pokemon
list.worldcup2018       list.worldcup2018
phylopic_uid            phylopic_uid
theme_nothing           theme_nothing
theme_transparent       theme_transparent
